# Jira Ticket: CTT-178

## Summary

npm | OAuth update flow | Reintroduce the update flow without reintroducing MBR combination problems

## Description

In the past, _we removed the ability for OAuth members to be updated_ via the widget, which resolved a problem where two separate logins to an institution get combined into one member. Since we always create a new member, it always resolves to a new member when new credentials are used, solving the problem.

What was silently introduced as a problem, is this breaks how member migration from non-oauth to oauth work. When members get migrated from non-oauth to oauth, users need to be able to update their existing member to keep their data. In summary, _when a user isn’t able to update an oauth member, it ends up as a duplicate member instead during migrations to oauth_.

This is a core recurring event that needs to work reliably for MX

## Prerequisite changes that are required to fix the issue

- The backend, Firefly, needs to be adjusted to handle the scenario when a user attempts to update an existing OAuth member and the user happens to use a separate login at the same bank than the member current has saved. @Reed Allred and @Jeff Johnson are handling this in https://mxcom.atlassian.net/browse/DC-3040

## GitHub npm package changes

- (GitHub) Reintroduce the ability to update an OAuth member
- (GitHub) Ensure the widget can handle a brand new member it has never seen. When the `incoming_member_id` from the OAuth state is not known to the widget, it should be able to get the new record into its state
- Tests - add any tests that we can surrounding this flow

## E2E tests to consider (can we get around our current oauth testing limitations?)

- (Connect Widget and/or Firefly) Ensure logins aren’t combined into one member when different oauth logins are used.
- (Connect Widget and/or Firefly) Ensure that new members coming in from OAuth are saved into redux correctly. When the user attempts to update an OAuth member, but signs in with a separate login, the backend will provide the widget a brand new `inbound_member_guid` that is has never seen. This member should be fetched and saved into redux state.

## Parent Issue

CTT-177: OAuth update flow | Reintroduce the update flow without reintroducing MBR combination problems

## Status

In Progress

## Priority

Medium

## Assignee

Logan Rasmussen
